Updated NOMAD parts. (#844)
Materials-Consortia/optimade-python-tools: paper/paper.md

- The Materials Project [@MaterialsProject] uses `optimade-python-tools` alongside their existing API [@MAPI] and MongoDB database, providing access to highly-curated density-functional theory calculations across all known inorganic materials.
`optimade-python-tools` handles filter parsing, database query generation and response validation by running the reference server implementation with minimal configuration.
- NOMAD [@nomad] uses the `optimade-python-tools` as a library to extend its existing web app with OPTIMADE API routes.
 It uses the Elasticsearch implementation to filter millions of structures from published first-principles calculations provided by users and other projects.

> NOMAD also uses the filtering module in its own API to expose the Optimade filter language in it's web interface search bar. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOMAD also uses the filtering module in its own API to expose the OPTIMADE filter language in the user-centric web interface search bar. 
```

Fine with these tweaks?

> NOMAD uses a released version of `optimade-python-tools` and all necessary customization could be realized via configuration and sub-classing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOMAD uses a released version of `optimade-python-tools` and all necessary customization can be realized via configuration and sub-classing.
```
